rpc: Fix `AppHash` decoding failure in `/block_results` response (#1449)
informalsystems/tendermint-rs: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/1449-allow-base64-apphash.md

> - `[tendermint-rpc]` If decoding of `AppHash` fails, try to decode it as
>   base64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[tendermint-rpc]` If `AppHash` fails to decode as hex, try to decode it as base64.
```
